use stack of contexts to implement snapshot revert (#399)
tharsis/ethermint: CHANGELOG.md

* (evm) [tharsis#342](https://github.com/tharsis/ethermint/issues/342) Don't clear balance when resetting the account.
* (evm) [tharsis#334](https://github.com/tharsis/ethermint/pull/334) Log index changed to the index in block rather than
  tx.

> * (evm) [tharsis#399](https://github.com/tharsis/ethermint/pull/399) Exception in sub message call reverts that call if not propagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (evm) [tharsis#399](https://github.com/tharsis/ethermint/pull/399) Exception in sub-message call reverts the call if it's not propagated.
```
